- **Kyrie & Convo with KoG :**
    
    - Kyrie seems to be plotting something, she made a deal with KoG a while back; we don't know for what yet
        
    - She seems worried that the Saint of Ambition was KNOWN by other people; KoG says it is to be expected but not to be worried.
        
        - KoG says the power cannot be traced back to the saint of ambition and that the pact power comes all from him. To him, KoG is only a middleman.
            
        - Kyrie notes that he's more "god-like" than she expected and that Theo's sister "must be the girl that robot talked about"
            
    - Kyrie holds a black notebook that she is afraid that her black notebook will expose her and bring more questions than anticipated.
        
    - Kyrie is trying to manipulate her image to the group; KoG warns Kyrie that she needs to be more careful.
        
    - KoG is scouting Margrave after we left it
        
    - Kyrie seems to be wary of "Angels"
        
    - KoG asked if Kyrie found what he talked about before the journey and mentioned that she didn't. The KoG is surprised by this and says that a hint could arrive soon, but she hasn't suffered enough yet. Kyrie briefly mentions "angels."
        
    - Kyrie puts her black notebook on top of a red one
        
- **Avery & Mel:**
    
    - Talked about why they joined the Trial of Salt and the Church of Salt
        
    - Mel joined the church and trial out of Virtue and belief at the opportunity to save the world
        
    - Avery joined the trial as a requirement to become a Warden. She stated that she was conscripted into the UNOC military at a young age due to her aptitude for wild shaping.
        
    - Avery has only known becoming a Warden and didn't have a choice to consider other options
        
    - Avery's father is also a high-ranking UNOC officer
        
    - Avery seems very attached to Mel and admires Mel's virtuous reasons for doing what she does.
        
    - Mel and Avery shared Mel's goal of saving the archipelago
        
    - They promised each other that they would help each other no matter what. Even if the UNOC or the Salt Church would abandon them, then the other would be there for them

- **Vivienne & Sheera:**
    
    - Sheera is giving her position of Captain to the group, probably going to be Vivienne
        
- **Vivienne and Kyrie:**
    
    - Vivienne confronts Kyrie
        
    - Kyrie wants more power; the reasons she gives for traveling around are generic at best
        
    - Kyrie still denies her past as a Bloodripper killer
        
    - But Vivienne bluffed to say she got more information
        
        - But Kyrie did not take the bluff
            
- **Council of the Ten (Meta game):**
    
    - On Correli, there is a council from the Salt of Church, the head of them being a man with a golden helmet named the Grand Prophet
        
    - There is an update: they located a creature… (I don't remember this train of thought)
        
    - The herald foretold of who they would need
        
        - Looking for a "candidate" to fulfill the prophecy
            
            - They said there were many strong people in Eilnaat, but they are looking for a candidate who is a part of their prophecy.
                
        - Quote: "It'll only be more difficult to contain from here on out."
            
    - looking for a sign in the sky (probably a golden comet) that would be the start of their grand prophecy
        
- Pasca (Lemuel only convo): She was talking to someone, saying she hasn't heard from them in awhile. She seems scared something will find her and is curious about where the ship is going
    
    - Looking for someone, the greatest captain ever born, Captain Ludin Liriam. Went all across from Xeadria and back just to be with someone. Wants to meet him and says she owes him a debt. He saved her island.
        
        - Ludin seems to be in a bit of trouble
            
        - META WISE THIS IS THE GENERIC HALF-ELF THAT MURIEL WAS
            
- Lemuel lore:
    
    - Lived in a "peaceful village"
        
    - Got adopted by his mother, and now he's travelling with her
-  **Steel Brand Mercenaries:** Checks out the Voyager as it passes by the Blockade
    
    - Tried to upcharge crew 5x the normal amount for entry fee, but they respected the LoS reputation
        
        - Warned the crew about Theo's outburst
            
- **Sheera's Network**: Coerces people for information and has a network of people who give her info
    
    - She met up with one of the traders in the Blockade, asking if they could recruit new members
        
    - Gathered information about the governments of Correlai and the Blockade and Wallace Atlantidas
        
    - Updated her network that she was going to Coralei
        
- **Salt Church**: Seems to be gathering large amounts of lumber at Blockade
    
- **Captain Karth**: Can ask for more jobs from him; seems to be working with the Salt of Church
    
- **Avery's Recurring Dream:** She sometimes dreams of an evil bear that she encountered in her training