
*"All five of our ships were sunk. There are mysterious and hostile cultists looking to burn the world. The Leviathan is dead. What is happening to the state of Eilanaat?" -Theodoros Delphi*

- I was traveling from [[Portobora]] to the island of [[Amakaru]] to meet with the team who recruited me to participate in the [[Trial of Salt]]. A previous colleague of mine, [[Roland Dockson|Dockson]], seems to also be participating in this trial and has approached me on this boat.  
- I had a strange dream of a young girl who was glowing white on an isolated island with a small shack and small, broken boat. She reached out to me and said "Remember me"
	- Addendum - It seems like this figure is [[Alune]], who is said to be the [[Vivienne the Coward|Mother]] of the Leviathans. But what is her connection to me? What does she want me to remember?
- [[Sons of Fire]] were encountered on the island of [[Amakaru]] after they assaulted our fleet of ships. They were the people who took down our fleet of ships to kidnap the representative of the [[Church of Salt]], [[Melissa Aligar|Aligar]], who is needed to enter the [[Trial of Salt]]. 
	- Here, we met the [[Lady of Flames]], who believes that the [[Church of Salt]] isn't enough to save Eilanaat and would rather restart the world
	- Proclaimed their beliefs that the [[Church of Salt]] isn't enough to save Eilanaat and would rather restart the world
- We found [[The Phantom]] dead as we were trying to find a town to seek help and find our [[Vivienne the Coward|captain]], [[Sheera Arrendale|Arrendale]] . The leviathan seemed to have died to the [[The Blight|Blight]], which has been affecting all the Leviathans
	- There were a few [[Deepspeakers]] who were eating the corpse of the Leviathan and died shortly after. 
	- Groupmates seemed interested in taking parts of the dead leviathan
- We traversed through a mine on the way to the Town of [[Amakaru]]. There was a [[Lock]] in the mines
	- [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]] was pulled into [[Lock|the Lock]] by the mysterious forces from the other side of the door but was stopped before she could go through. She  claims she was mind controlled to get pulled into [[Lock|the Lock]], but she also expressed interest to talk to the being behind [[Lock|the Lock]]. 
	- A mysterious eye looked at the group through a hole in [[Lock|the lock]]. Does psychic damage
	- We found a note mentioning [[Manor Lord Ardwin]] discussing how the deep speakers wanted to seal [[Lock|the Lock]]
	- There was a crack in [[Lock|the lock]]
- Those who resided in the Town of [[Amakaru]] were found to be in a magically induced slumber. It seemed like they were asleep for a few days, and, if left in that state for a few more days, would die
	- It seemed to have been related to the crack in the [[Lock]] we had discovered
	- We found our [[Vivienne the Coward|captain]], [[Sheera Arrendale|Arrendale]], at Lord Ardwin's manor asleep. Seeing we needed her to start our journey, we set out to a small, unnamed Archipelago to seek out an alchemist who could help 
	- The [[Lemuel Sanguine|Boy]] and his [[Vivienne the Coward|Mother]] looted a store while everyone was asleep
	- While resting in the town, a tardigrade-like monster attempted to control [[Avery Vale|Vale]] while invisible. When it died, it disintegrated, leaving only blue blood on the floor. It feels similar to the being in the mines. 
		- Does psychic damage and is resistant to psychic damage.
		- Seems to have an attack that targets intelligence and wisdom saving throws. Controls people with Charisma saving throws.
		- Running theory: Remanent of [[the Phantom]] or related to the being in the [[lock]]
- Before leaving the island, our group decided to attempt to cover [[Lock|the Lock]] using a plate of Mithril we created. 
	- As we were trying to put the plate onto the whole, we saw various visions
		- Mental Image in Eye Hole: [[Avery Vale|Avery]] saw an Isolated Island with a ram-shackled sailboat docked. ([[Avery Vale|Avery]] only)
			- Similar to the dream I saw before arriving to the island
		- My Visions: A mysterious hand touches Theo while he is attempting to hold up a mithril plate to the hole in [[Lock|the Lock]]. These are the visions he saw (Theo only):
		    - The voice in Theo's head says, "Await my return for when I awaken."
		    - Saw [[Amakaru]] Leviathan die, and [[lock]] started to crack
		    - Vision of looking into the starry sky and seeing a gold comet come towards him
