*"We have acquired the [[Melissa Aligar|cleric]] from the Sons of Flame, so our true test can begin. However, I have let myself go again to the curse that I possess and have almost put my colleagues in danger. I must keep an eye on my condition as we continue these trials; this incident confirms to me that I should keep my distance from these people..." - Theodoros Delphi*
** See [[4.1 Section Notes]] for all the non Theodoros content before we headed towards the blockades ** 

- On the way to [[Corrolai]] we stop briefly at the Blockades to restock on resources
	- The mercenaries guarding the island tried to upcharge crew 5x the normal amount for entry fee (20g to 100g), but they still respected my title as the Leviathan of Steel and waived the charge
	- They warned the rest of the crew of my actions, but nothing came out of it
- We all ended up going our separate ways for the night
	- [[Avery Vale|Vale]] and [[Melissa Aligar|Aligar]] go on a date
	- I took up some work to earn some pocket change and to try and gather information from the locals about recent happenings
	- The new [[Vivienne the Coward|Captain]] goes to buy supplies to sell
	- [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]]'s whereabouts were unknown
	- The [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]] stayed on the ship
- On our way to Corrolai, we ran into a "tapestry" dealer
	- He delt Golden Scratch, a substance created by combining golden salt and tobacco
		- Gives the users an advantage on ability checks and a disadvantage on attack rolls and saving throws. It will also exhaust the user after use. Seems highly addictive
		- Conjecture: Is Golden Salt connected to the Saint of Ambition? The effects of golden salt seem to give off the same give/take relationship that the Saint's Curse gives off. What exactly does the Church of Salt worship?
- I had a few talks with some of the crew
	- Ford approached me to try and negotiate an alliance to find out more about Satiniel, a being who calls himself the Saint of Ambition, since I mentioned I was looking for information about him
		- She entrusted me with her journal to read as a sign of good faith. 
			- A sign of faith that seems very choreographed. Personally, I keep many journals of my own, so I would not be surprised if she also had her own collection. She could be giving me a decoy to keep me placated. 
	- The boy came up to me to talk about his disgust and suspicions of Ford, to which I 