*"It has been a long time since I have stepped foot on this island; however, I did not come here to reminisce on old memories. I must ensure [[the Common Cause]] is successful in this final trial to secure my influence with the Church. I cannot fail here after coming so close to fulfilling this stepping stone. 

*...Knowing that home is close by, I cannot help but to wonder how my father fares after all this time, but I do not think I can face him yet. " - Theodoros Delphi

- When we reached Portabora, we all split up to take care of business we had
	- [[Avery Vale|Vale]] went on another date with [[Melissa Aligar|Aligar]]. It seems like they ran into a reporter named Miss Bumblebee, who wanted to interview them due to our performance in the first trial. 
		- She also seemed concerned with orders the [[United Natural Order Coalition|UNOC]] gave her. It seems like the [[United Natural Order Coalition|UNOC]] is taking a more aggressive measure due to not having confidence in the church, and she is concerned with orders to return to her commanding officer
	- [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]] went with the [[Vivienne the Coward|Captain]] to TUMs University to find out more information about [[The Volcano, Magnibora|the volcano]] on [[Portobora]]
		- Discussed with Professor Wildebank, a half orc Volcanology professor:
			- It is not naturally active, and the leviathan, [[The Volcano, Magnibora|Magnibora]] seems to regulate the volcano
				- The leviathan seems to feed off the ash of the volcano
			- Lava would be the primary hazard along with smoke
			- Magnibora does get visited by various figures and adventures, and there are even buildings within the volcano for travelers to rest in
		- The group also runs into [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]]'s classmate named Thalassa, who said she would like to travel with the group due to a vision she saw 
			- She saw this vision through a scroll, which also blinded her
		- I went to pay my respects to my former crewmates in an effort to move on from my past. I hope they rest in peace.
			- I also got [[Avery Vale|Vale]]  a nice bouquet of white, blue, and gold roses to give [[Melissa Aligar|Aligar]] as a gesture of appreciation for our conversation during our trip to [[Portobora]]. I do hope she can enjoy her time with the people she cares about. 
			- Roland pulled me aside to discuss his situation with his mother, who has sent people out to look for him. I told him he was free to stay on the ship and hide as long as he continued helping our crew. 
				- Opinion: It seems I have caught myself opening up to people for no particular reason...I'm not sure how to feel about this but I will not push them aside like I had before. Maybe this change is what I need.
		- I do not know what the [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]] was up to during this time. In fact, I have noticed I do not have good records on the [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]]'s whereabouts during the crew's down time. As long as he does not get himself into trouble and is not in the way of the crew's efforts to prepare for our task, I do not mind, it is his personal time after all. 
- The Sea Elf suggested to go to dinner at a specific tavern in the Firelight district since we were looking to scout out the [[Cat's Eye]] crew and they were known to frequent those parts
	- Pasha expressed interest in meeting the [[Cat's Eye]] to have them help her rescue her island, the Clam's Shell, from the grasps of [[the Sullen]]. We forgot to bring her as we had other, higher, priorities to take care of
	- The [[Vivienne the Coward|Captain]] does not seem to be in the greatest of moods, I will keep my eye out
- The crew went to go meet the [[Cat's Eye]], which did not go as smoothly as planned
	- Before the meeting, there was a disagreement with how we should approach the [[Cat's Eye]]. [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]] insisted she would call herself captain if the [[Vivienne the Coward|Captain]] did not want to speak with the [[Cat's Eye]]. This did not seem to better the [[Vivienne the Coward|Captain]]'s mood. 
		- Opinion: What was the point of this? This is information that is easily debunkable, and there is no benefit here in tricking the [[Cat's Eye]]. This would only bring detriment to the [[Vivienne the Coward|Captain]]'s already sour mood. This behavior needs to be addressed. 
	- [[Cat's Eye]] seemed prepared for a trip into the volcano
	- We got a general sense of their crew:
		- Luden - Captain of the crew, but it is hard to pinpoint his specialty in combat. Generic
		- Thordak - Quartermaster, fighter. Seems to be quiet and a man of few words
		- Boblin - Unsure of his role on the crew, but [[Avery Vale|Vale]] pointed out his shotgun. Seems to be a rouge of some kind
		- Gerald - First Mate - Paladin. Loud, boisterous, prideful, not smart.
		- Gray Oakwood - Druid from the [[United Natural Order Coalition|UNOC]]
		- Caitlyn - Doctor - Celestial Warlock. Mysterious sort
		- Pepper Hotfoot - Chef - Not sure of fighting capabilities. Hot headed
	- [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]] negotiated with them to be cordial and to not kill each other during the trials
	- [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]] introduced herself as the Captain of the crew, in which shortly after, our real [[Vivienne the Coward|captain]] disappeared. I was not happy with this situation and it would be dangerous to let the [[Vivienne the Coward|captain]] leave by herself in such a state, so I went with the [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]] to go look for her
- The [[Vivienne the Coward|Captain]] got kidnapped after leaving the tavern by the same hobgoblins we ran into in [[Margrave]]
	- They seemed to have bloodstone weapons
	- The [[Vivienne the Coward|captain]] was able to stall long enough for the [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]] and I to reach her, but she ran away from us.
	- We fended off the [[Blood Rippers]], but as a result of me being cornered and almost dying, my Deep Speaker powers manifested. I seem to remember more of what happens in this state after my training with Darius, but I still seem to not have control over my actions or my emotions when my powers manifest against my will. I had turned against [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]] during this encounter, and it took [[Avery Vale|Vale]] and [[Melissa Aligar|Aligar]] to hold me back. 
		- Opinion: I am disappointed in myself that I became a liability here. I must do better.
		- Is my deep speaker state connected to my emotions?
	- We found the [[Vivienne the Coward|captain]], and the [[Vivienne the Coward|captain]] told us about her insecurities about her position as both [[Vivienne the Coward|captain]] and [[Vivienne the Coward|mother]], to which [[Avery Vale|Vale]], the [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]], and I tried to calm her down
	- [[Avery Vale|Vale]] seemed to have calmed down the situation and placated [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]], but the group dynamic on the boat is tense. Not good when we are supposed to be working together tomorrow, but there is not much I can do on my end other than to apologize
		- The [[Vivienne the Coward|captain]] confirmed my suspicions on why she left the tavern. It is good to know my sense of intuition is sharp enough to catch this.  
- Thalassa was officially recruited into [[the Common Cause]]
- To gather some last minute information, I decide to try and harness my Deep Speaker training to converse with [[The Caretaker, Hami'Toa|Hami'toa]] about their sibling. 
	- Leviathans guard [[Lock|the lock]], and [[The Volcano, Magnibora|Magnibora]] guards [[Lock|the Lock]] within [[The Volcano, Magnibora|the volcano]]
	- The Prisoners are descendants of the profound and are sealed off due to their dangerous magic that can have mass effects
		- [[Amakaru]]'s prisoner specializes in sleep magic
		- Portabora's prisoner specializes in rage and would cause people to fight each other
		- It seems like the Prophet has spoken to the Leviathans about our group, and especially me, before. They most likely have been watch us since we are one of their top candidates for saving Eilanaat
	- If a Leviathan is killed, [[Lock|the Lock]] breaks
- We go to [[The Volcano, Magnibora|the volcano]] the next day to start the trial
	- Trial of flame - Go into [[The Volcano, Magnibora|the volcano]] and fight the other crew. Whoever is the last one standing is the victor
	- We fight the [[Cat's Eye]], but [[The Volcano, Magnibora|Magnibora]] came to interrupt. We were able to calm down the creature
	- However, a celestial who [[The Volcano, Magnibora|Magnibora]] called "Grandfather" came down in the middle of the trial and fed the crab golden flesh. This caused the crab to rampage to fulfill his duty to his [[Vivienne the Coward|mother]] - the same duty [[Plaguebringer|the Leviathan of Margrave]] mentioned
		- Talking about his duty to the people seemed to have stopped him for a second, and further pleading to [[The Volcano, Magnibora|Magnibora]] calmed the creature down
		- I died along with Gerald in the middle of the fight
		- The [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]] stabbed the Levithan with the special dagger, and it seemed to have scarred the crab and increased the dagger's capabilities.
		- [[Lock|The Lock]] seemed to have formed a small crack during our fight
- The trial ended with us being the victors since the [[Cat's Eye]] surrendered.
	- The Church was also looking for a deep speaker on the crew, so the [[Cat's Eye]] would not have been able to win anyways
	- Opinion: The way they conducted the trial was not optimal and ran the risk of sacrificing the crab and causing mass havoc on the island. If we are to work with the Church, we need to be able to trust that their plans and decision making are sound, and these trials have hurt this trust due to their reckless and inefficient nature. 
- The High Prophet conversed with us about the trial and attempted to answer all of our questions and concerns:
	- [[Avery Vale|Vale]], who was the most vocal about our discontent, brought up two concerns about the trial:
		- Why did the church not disclose the fact they were trying to find a crew with a Deep Speaker?
			- Answer: They were looking for a specific type of deep speaker. These deep speakers typically only unlock their latent abilities through battle and high amounts of stress. Since there were no known deep speakers who were made like this, the Church tried to create scenarios to surface such people since they did not have the time to wait for one of these deep speakers to come up naturally. 
		- Why did the Church not intervene earlier when the Grandfather came? Did they not run the risk of endangering all of [[Portobora]]?
			- The church was ready to respond to the situation if things went badly, but they wanted to see how we would respond to the situation. They had back ups and could have even resurrected us in the worst case scenario, but they did not want to show their hand.
	- We also asked the Prophet about our next steps and what our journey to the Lower Tail would entail
		- He spoke about how we would be entering a place that was a former battle field of the Profound, and how we will likely face celestial based creatures or the undead
		- He also spoke of how having to perform the Wayfinder Ritual, which he will explain as we travel down to the Lower Tail
		- I asked about how he got all of this information, and he responded by saying that this is what the 
	- Rewards from the Prophet:
		- He allows the [[Lemuel Sanguine|Boy]] to keep the dagger that was taken from the church
			- The dagger was made with the specific purpose to kill Leviathans, and was made in Ashad.
			- From my own observations, this is a very well made blade, and the [[Vivienne the Coward|Captain]] was able to identify the basic properties of this blade
				- The sentient dagger is named Hunger, and it seems to feed off the power of the Leviathan.
				-  It seems to also hunger for people's blood, as evident when I cut myself with the blade
			- The [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]]'s [[Vivienne the Coward|mother]] was concerned about the dagger, but the [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]] vowed to not hurt the Leviathans or us with the blade
				- Opinion: I frankly do not care what he does with this blade as long as it does not get in the way of my goals. There does not seem to be any adverse effects from the blade as of now, and we need as much of an advantage as we can get while travelling in the Lower Tail. I will keep an eye on his condition to make sure the blade does not influence him to kill the Leviathans. 
			- Conjecture: I noticed the boy has grown intense animosity towards his mother through subtle actions and facial expressions he makes. Did they get into another argument?
		- I asked for a few favors from the Church:
			- Golden Salt to send to Professor Ella Grimore
			- Prioritization to protect Javan Delphi in the event of a disaster on Eilannat
			- Forces sent to help the Clam's Shell
		- Itemized Rewards:
			- 8000g
			- Ship Upgrades 
			- A magic item of up to rare rarity for each group member 
	