*"We have won the trials, but our victory only marks the beginning of this journey. For the sake of those I care about, I will do my best to save Eilanaat, even if it means working with the misguided church or stubborn [[United Natural Order Coalition|UNOC]]. I will do anything to keep them safe. 

*I also hope to answer some questions about myself and my friend's condition while we are at the Lower Tail. My promise to you will be fulfilled, father" -Theodoros Delphi*

- Before leaving [[Portobora]], we had recruited a few of the [[Cat's Eye]] to join our crew
	-  [[Boblin the Goblin]]
	- [[Gerald Sungaze]]
- The [[King of Games]] appeared to [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]] and spoke to her. She later told us that the [[King of Games]] wanted her to sabotage their efforts to save the Leviathans and kill them.
	- The [[King of Games]] was not happy with this, and though he let [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]] keep her powers, he told us he will be finding other ways to get in our way 
	- The [[Lemuel Sanguine|Boy]] seemed to have had a talk with the [[King of Games]], but claimed to not have taken a deal with him
		- Opinion: I am concerned by this. Along with the dagger, there is real potential for the [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]] to be tempted and to get in the way of our main tasks. While we can watch the situation as he has not shown any real signs of betrayal, steps to intervene should be taken.
- Long Night is coming up, and in an attempt at good will and keeping the traditions my father passed on to me, I got the main group and some of the other crew members gifts:
	- [[Roland Dockson|Dockson]]: A nice tapestry of Iridesca
	- Sungaze: Armor Polish
	- [[Avery Vale|Vale]]: A new cloak
	- [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]]: A new blue notebook with butterflies on it and a matching pen
	- [[Lemuel Sanguine|Boy]]: A sheathe for his dagger
	- [[Vivienne the Coward|Captain]]: A bed for her pets
- We head towards Azir Ennore, where we were given the laws of the land by Marshall Delalin
	- [[Avery Vale|Vale]] goes to talk to her superiors about her promotion
		- She did not get her promotion and was stuck with trying to figure out the form her superiors were looking for
			- She said it had to do with her meditation, which she cannot remember, and if she forces it she would die
		- Her next mission is to accompany us to the Lower Belt
	- The [[Vivienne the Coward|Captain]] goes off on her own
	- [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]], the [[Lemuel Sanguine|Boy]], Sungaze, wanted to go explore the city, and I was tasked with accompanying them. 
		- We attempt to visit the Greenhouse of Life, a place where the druids of the [[United Natural Order Coalition|UNOC]] go to revere in nature. Though they do not worship one particular god as a culture, this temple is dedicated to Lii, the primal god of life
		- The [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]] seemed to have wanted to garner my attention by hanging out with Sungaze.
			- Opinion: The man is more suitable to be his mentor than I. If that ends up to be what happens, then I have no qualms
		- The [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]] and [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]] get in to a scuffle and started to cause a scene. Due to Sungaze's advice to hash out their issues now rather than to wait later, I pull them to a secluded corner to hash out their concerns
			- The [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]] denies any feelings for me, but to the very least, he seems to have some ulterior motive for wanting my attention. I had expressed my opinions of romance explicitly, so it is up to the [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]] to decide what to do. I will continue to give him the truth if pushed more
			- [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]] is concerned with the [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]]'s dealings with the [[King of Games]]. The [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]] says he was tempted but did not take any deal
			- [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]] seems to be acting differently since our encounter with the [[King of Games]].
				- Biased Observation & opinion: She seems less confident and more nervous. She also claims to have forgotten many of the details of our travels. We cannot have her forgetting key information during our travels as our journey to the Lower Tail will be perilous and will require the team's coordination. So, despite my lack of trust in the woman, I will lend her my journal after this conversation ends between her and the [[Lemuel Sanguine|boy]]. 
					- _There is a pinned note on this page_: If you read this, [[Kyrie River Ford|Ford]], know that I will be watching to see if your actions from here reflect what you told me in the conversation above. Though I am open to changing my opinions on you, due to your relations with the [[King of Games]], I will still be wary of sharing information with you and have redacted some entries in the journal. Do not cause problems again.
- *In a piece of paper he will stick into this journal later* I had done some research in my free time to understand what we might be facing in the future:
	- Okoto, the wandering grove is a giant sea turtle that patrols the Primal Belt. There is a city ontop of its back that houses deep speakers
	- Deep Speakers - and Eisoteric group that are traditionally very closed of and mysterious. They wear masks called "muzzles" to show their dedication for being uncorrupted by outside influences since they know they have to be responsible with the power they have to talk to leviathans. 
		- Some deep speakers are revered while others are seen as lesser. An example of this can be seen in [[Margrave]], where the deep speakers there are enslaved. 
		- There is a legendary figure who travelled around the world and returned knowing how to speak to the leviathans
		- There is also another legend of a profound, a golden, resplendent, figure who gained the ability to command the leviathans during a battle. Behind him was a golden start in the sky
	- Hadriel and Galadriel - Galadriel had records of going to the other gardens after [[Satiniel]]'s uprising, Hadriel has no records of being seen after. Eventually, all celestials seemingly left this world shortly after [[the uprising]]. 
	- Prisoners of [[Lock|the lock]] - The Deep Speaker's unspoken duty is to not let the prisoners escape, and the leviathans were made for this purpose
		- The prisoners are profound that became traitors - groups of profound that wanted to free them. It seemed like the prisoners were sealed on purpose by choice at first, but something changed with time
	- The Herald: The pathfinder god - grants guidance to those who are lost. Followers are encouraged to follow their calling in fate, where fate is already pre-ordained. This god is very enigmatic. Many potential followers were erased after the disillusion, where many of the gods left this world along with the person who caused the disillusion. 
- Captain talked about how she wanted to talk to Vale's father about the church, my abilities, and trade deals
	- Talking ill of the church might work against our overall goal, it would be best not to do this 
	- Talking about my abilities might not be the best idea either
- I watched the crew take Black Wukka, provided by Vale's friend, Revv Karthic. They seemed to enter a death like state for about an hour, and the drug seems to remove exhaustion
- I asked Karthic about Vale's condition
	- Vale would be pulled to another place and would die if she knows too early
	- Meditation: Retreat - where you awake to druidic abilities, her assignment was in the shadowfell. She didn't survive the meditation, and had to pull her out. Because of her death, she was cursed, and the UNOC had to wipe her memory. If she remembers, she will get pulled into plane and the creature will hunt her.
	- Shadowfell doesn't encroach too much in the south.
	- She should know only "When she is ready"
	- The white streak was there from this event
- The boy's village was known for "mental magic"
- The group goes to find the red book Ford mentioned she was hiding - the Book of Ambition, has a gold symbol of a crow
	- The book gets stuck, and the king of games appears
	- Confirmed to be Satniel's book
- First Island:
	- UNOC is here - Keeper of Amnity - Keeper Fiddlewick
	- We enter a cave with many faces
	- Celestia writing: "BEHOLD THE FACES OF ELD, THE FIRST TO ARRIVE ON AN INFANT PLANET AND GRANT IT LIFE"
	- 